Main article: List of Fast & Furious characters

    Paul Walker as Brian O'Conner, a former Los Angeles Cop who became a fugitive after letting Dominic Toretto escape in the previous film who has now settled in Miami. He drives a 1999 Nissan Skyline GTR R34 and a 2002 Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution VII.
    Tyrese Gibson as Roman Pearce, Brian's childhood friend who is on house arrest after serving time in prison for which he still blames Brian. He drives a 2003 Mitsubishi Eclipse Spyder GTS.
    Eva Mendes as Monica Fuentes, a U.S. Customs agent working undercover as Carter Verone's aide and Brian's love interest.
    Cole Hauser as Carter Verone, a ruthless Argentinian drug lord whose organization the Custom Service sent Monica and later Brian and Roman to infiltrate.
    Chris Ludacris Bridges as Tej Parker, a race host and a friend of Brian's. He arranges high stakes street racing events in which Brian often races and wins.
    Devon Aoki as Suki, a friend of Brian, Tej, and Jimmy. She is the only named female racer in the movie, and her crew is made up entirely of women. She normally drives a hot pink custom Honda S2000.
    James Remar as Agent Markham, a U.S. customs agent in charge of the operation against Verone and Monica's superior.
    Thom Barry as Agent Bilkins, who Brian first met during his undercover work in the first movie, who has come to Miami to oversee the situation. As before, he holds a grudging respect for O'Conner's driving and street racing skills.
    Edward Finlay as Agent Dunn, a U.S. Customs agent who is Markham's number two in the operation.
    Mark Boone Junior as Detective Whitworth, a Miami detective who is forced by Verone to give Pearce and O'Conner a window to deliver his package.
    Mo Gallini as Enrique, Verone's bald henchman.
    Roberto Sanchez as Roberto, Verone's henchman and Enrique's partner.
    MC Jin as Jimmy, a mechanic who works for Tej and is a close friend of Brian.
    Amaury Nolasco as Orange Julius, a street racer who drives an orange Mazda RX-7.
    Michael Ealy as Slap Jack, a street racer who drives a gold Toyota Supra.
    John Cenatiempo as Korpi, a street racer who drives a 1969 Chevrolet Camaro Yenko S/C.
    Eric Etebari as Darden, Korpi's friend who drives a 1970 Dodge Challenger.

Producer Neal H. Moritz makes a cameo appearance as a police officer during a chase scene. 
