----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Christmas is, always has been, and always will be, my favourite time of year. Not just the gifts, spending time with family and festive traditions, but also seeing over and over many Christmas films, specials etc. Have never had any bias against romantic comedies and the cast was not a bad one. Emilia Clarke was great in 'Game of Thrones' and have also loved a lot of Emma Thompson's performances (she also has a great talent for screen-writing).

So there was never any bias against 'Last Christmas'. Far from it. Actually thought it looked like a pleasant diversion and wanted it to work, and am being completely honest here. Seeing it, a large part of me was underwhelmed. By all means 'Last Christmas' is not a complete bah humbug and there are things that make it semi-watchable. There is however sadly nowhere near enough to it to make it a Christmas cracker and, despite good intentions, has too much wrong with it and ones not much different to flaws that a good deal of Christmas films made today have.

'Last Christmas' does have good things. It looks lovely, those locations and how they utilise the festive season are just magical complemented beautifully by the photography. The soundtrack adds a lot to the atmosphere with a healthy dose of George Michael, it's great music on its own and actually didn't have as major a problem with the placement as others did.

There are moments of charm and amusing moments, while Clarke is an earnest but not overly so lead and not out of sorts in the comedy department. Michelle Yeoh also shows bundles of charm.

Was not impressed with the rest of the acting. Did find Henry Goulding quite bland and slightly too creepy, while Thompson is disappointingly a bit too on the melodramatic side. The chemistry seemed to lack warmth and that's what the story, on top of being paper thin and too conventional, generally seemed to lack too. The whole thing feels competent but too bland, complete with a bizarre and not particularly necessary twist. Paul Feig's direction is a long way from amateurish but it seemed to lack spark and seemed too safe.

Found the script to be disappointing and quite weak, which surprised me seeing as Thompson co-wrote it and it was difficult to believe that it was from the person who wrote the sparkling script for the wonderful 'Sense and Sensibility'. The comedy was not enough and lacked freshness and wit, found it very try too hard. The romance needed more warmth and veered on a bit on the creepy side, while the drama was a bit too maudlin from sentiment being laid on too thick. Also felt that they were not always well balanced. While its good intentions were admirable, the film tackles politics and homelessness for examples and they felt shoe-horned and needed more subtlety.

Summing up, appreciated its good intentions but wanted to like it much more. 4/10
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Katarina "Kate" (Emilia Clarke) survived a life saving surgery and is now a mess. She is temporarily homeless and couch surfing her remaining friends. She's bad at her job at Santa (Michelle Yeoh)'s Christmas store. She's avoiding her mother Petra (Emma Thompson). She keeps running into nice guy Tom Webster (Henry Golding).

Obviously, somebody was inspired by Mamma Mia to do another musical with a different artist. This time, it's George Michael. Emilia Clarke is being her super adorable self and this is mostly a cute single sitcom gal trying to fix her messy life. I actually like her chemistry with Michelle Yeoh the most. Emma Thompson going ethnic is a little bit off. Henry Golding is a nice guy but he doesn't have much heat with Emilia. I do like his niceness rubbing off on her. As for the reveal, I was working out two competing twists at the time and it ends up being a combination of both. I actually don't like reinterpreting the song but that's a minor sour note. In that one, the problem is that the rest of the song gets sung. All in all, Emilia's natural cuteness and the story's harmless niceness make this a cute, appealing Christmas film.
